README.md, before:

# Bing-Rewards

<div align="center">
<img alt="PyPI - Python Version" src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/bing-rewards?style=flat-square&label=Python&logo=python&logoColor=yellow">
<a href="https://pypi.org/project/bing-rewards/"> <img alt="PyPi" src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/bing-rewards?label=PyPI&style=flat-square&logo=pypi&logoColor=yellow"></a>
<a href="https://pypi.org/project/bing-rewards/"> <img alt="PyPI - Downloads" src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/bing-rewards?style=flat-square&label=Downloads&color=orange"></a>
<br>
<img alt="PyPI - License" src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/bing-rewards?style=flat-square&label=License&color=blueviolet">
<a href="https://github.com/psf/black"> <img alt="Formatting" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Code%20Style-Black-000000?style=flat-square"> </a>

</div>

### A script to automate daily Bing rewards points
Please submit an issue or pull-request if you have an idea for a feature

#### :exclamation: NOTE: The user agent spoofing seems to have stopped working when using Microsoft Edge browser. Currently investigating if this is a breaking change on their side (See issue [#13](https://github.com/jack-mil/bing-rewards/issues/13)). For the time being, Brave and Chrome seem to work fine.

## **Features:**

* Spoofs user agent to appear as Mobile or Desktop Edge Browser using Chrome/Brave!
* Script auto-types searches, so must be run in a GUI environment. Great for AFK grinding once a day for those points
* Use a mobile user agent to get mobile points (`--mobile`)
* Configurable number of searches with `--count=`
* All files are local, makes no http(s) requests
* Only one external dependance (PyAutoGUI)
* Fine tune delay and set browser executable with config at $XDG_CONFIG_HOME or %APPDATA% on Windows
***

## **Install with Pip!**

```bash
pip install bing-rewards
```
Will make the executable `bing-rewards` available on your PATH.
Look below or try the `--help` flag to see detailed usage.

## **Requirements:**

- At least Python 3.6.

- [PyAutoGUI](https://github.com/asweigart/pyautogui) package is used to control keypresses and type Bing search URLS.
WARNING: This script *will* take control away from the keyboard while running. PyAutoGUI performs key presses. i.e., it does not operate headless or in the background.

- `chrome` must be discoverable on the system PATH. [Download Google Chrome](https://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/).
If you use a different chromium based browser that supports setting user agents via the `--user-agent` option (tested with Brave), you can use the `--exe` flag with an absolute path to the browser executable to use.

- To earn points from searching, you must also have logged into [bing.com](https://www.bing.com) with your Microsoft account at least once, to save cookies.

## **Usage:**

#### `bing-rewards [-h] [--no-window] [-n] [--exe EXE] [-c COUNT] [-d | -m]`

Ex:
Complete mobile and desktop daily points

`$ bing-rewards`

Run 10 searches with mobile user-agent in a new window

`$ bing-rewards -m -c10`

`$ bing-rewards --mobile --count=10`

Launches Chrome as a subprocess with special flags. Only tested on Windows 10, however it should work on other platforms

⚠️Known Issue: No other instance of chrome.exe can be open when the script runs. Chrome prevents different user agents in each window. The script will run, but Chrome will not appear as Edge


## **All options:**

Running with no options will complete mobile and desktop daily search quota. The following options are available to change the default behavior.
| Flag              | Option                                                                              |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `-h`, `--help`    | Display help and exit                                                               |
| `-c`, `--count=N` | Override the number of searches to complete                                         |
| `-d`, `--desktop` | Only use desktop user agent                                                         |
| `-m`, `--mobile`  | Only use a mobile user agent                                                        |
| `-n`, `--dryrun`  | Do everything but type the search query                                             |
| `-X`, `--no-exit` | Do not close the browser after completing a search                                  |
| `--exe EXE`       | The full path of the Chrome compatible browser executable (Brave and Chrome tested) |
| `--nowindow`      | Don't open a new Chrome window, just type the keys                                  |


## User agents:

If interested, the following user agents are passed to Chrome using the `--user-agent` argument. These are clearly defined at the top of `bing-rewards.py`.

Edge Browser on Windows 10 desktop:
> Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/83.0.4103.61 Safari/537.36 Edg/83.0.478.37

Mobile Edge Browser on Windows 10 phone:
> Mozilla/5.0 (Windows Phone 10.0; Android 6.0.1) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/70.0.3538.102 Mobile Safari/537.36 Edge/18.19041
***

## Words:
The [keywords](https://www.myhelpfulguides.com/keywords.txt) included in this repo where taken from this site
https://www.myhelpfulguides.com/2018/07/19/bing-rewards-auto-searcher-with-python-3/.

This script provided the original inspiration but has since been complelty rewritten and expanded.
The original author was contacted for the original source of keywords, but declined to respond

Commit message:

Update README and Defaults based on new Bing maximum rewards

README.md, after:

# Bing-Rewards

<div align="center">
<img alt="PyPI - Python Version" src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/bing-rewards?style=flat-square&label=Python&logo=python&logoColor=yellow">
<a href="https://pypi.org/project/bing-rewards/"> <img alt="PyPi" src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/bing-rewards?label=PyPI&style=flat-square&logo=pypi&logoColor=yellow"></a>
<a href="https://pypi.org/project/bing-rewards/"> <img alt="PyPI - Downloads" src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/bing-rewards?style=flat-square&label=Downloads&color=orange"></a>
<br>
<img alt="PyPI - License" src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/bing-rewards?style=flat-square&label=License&color=blueviolet">
<a href="https://github.com/psf/black"> <img alt="Formatting" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Code%20Style-Black-000000?style=flat-square"> </a>

</div>

### A script to automate daily Bing rewards points
Please submit an issue or pull-request if you have an idea for a feature

#### :exclamation: NOTE: Compatibilty with browsers seems hit and miss. I have confirmed intended behavoir using Brave 1.48.158 (Chromium 110.0.5481.77) on Windows 10 Pro. It's worth trying out several Chromium based browsers to see what works best for you (see `--exe` flag or config file)
#### UPDATE 1.5.0: It appears that the bonus points from using a mobile device is no longer a feature. My rewards page only lists 50 points from searching, and 5 bonus points for the Edge Browser. As such, running with the `--mobile` flag is unnecessary. I have also modifed the default search count and run action to match the recent changes to the rewards system.

## **Features:**

* Spoofs user agent to appear as Mobile or Desktop Edge Browser using Chrome/Brave!
* Script auto-types searches, so must be run in a GUI environment. Great for AFK grinding once a day for those points
* Use a mobile user agent to get mobile points (`--mobile`)
* Configurable number of searches with `--count=`
* All files are local, makes no http(s) requests
* Only one external dependance (PyAutoGUI)
* Fine tune delay and set browser executable with config at $XDG_CONFIG_HOME or %APPDATA% on Windows
* Best Value: gift cards: **1,050 points / $1** (current rate)
***

## **Install from PyPI!**

```bash
pip install bing-rewards
```
Will make the executable `bing-rewards` available on your PATH.
Look below or try the `--help` flag to see detailed usage.

**Recommended**: Use a virtual environment or [`pipx`](https://pypa.github.io/pipx/) to avoid poluting your global package path with executable apps. See: [pipx](https://pypa.github.io/pipx/)
```bash 
pipx install bing-rewards
```

## **Requirements:**

- At least Python 3.6.

- [PyAutoGUI](https://github.com/asweigart/pyautogui) package is used to control keypresses and type Bing search URLS.
WARNING: This script *will* take control away from the keyboard while running. PyAutoGUI performs key presses. i.e., it does not operate headless or in the background.

- `chrome` must be discoverable on the system PATH. [Download Google Chrome](https://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/).
If you use a different chromium based browser that supports setting user agents via the `--user-agent` option (tested with Brave), you can use the `--exe` flag with an absolute path to the browser executable to use. Also see the `"browser-path"` key in the config file.

- To earn points from searching, you must also have logged into [bing.com](https://www.bing.com) with your Microsoft account at least once, to save cookies.

## **Usage:**

#### `bing-rewards [-h] [--no-window] [-n] [--exe EXE] [-c COUNT] [-d | -m]`

Ex:
Complete mobile and desktop daily points

`$ bing-rewards`

Run 10 searches with mobile user-agent in a new window

`$ bing-rewards -m -c10`

`$ bing-rewards --mobile --count=10`

Launches Chrome as a subprocess with special flags. Only tested on Windows 10, however it should work on other platforms

⚠️Known Issue: No other instance of chrome.exe can be open when the script runs. Chrome prevents different user agents in each window. The script will run, but Chrome will not appear as Edge


## **All options:**

Running with no options will complete mobile and desktop daily search quota. The following options are available to change the default behavior.
| Flag              | Option                                                                              |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `-h`, `--help`    | Display help and exit                                                               |
| `-c`, `--count=N` | Override the number of searches to complete                                         |
| `-d`, `--desktop` | Only use desktop user agent                                                         |
| `-m`, `--mobile`  | Only use a mobile user agent                                                        |
| `-n`, `--dryrun`  | Do everything but type the search query                                             |
| `-X`, `--no-exit` | Do not close the browser after completing a search                                  |
| `--exe EXE`       | The full path of the Chrome compatible browser executable (Brave and Chrome tested) |
| `--nowindow`      | Don't open a new Chrome window, just type the keys                                  |


## User agents:

If interested, the following user agents are passed to Chrome using the `--user-agent` argument. These are clearly defined at the top of `bing-rewards.py`.

Edge Browser on Windows 10 desktop:
> Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/83.0.4103.61 Safari/537.36 Edg/83.0.478.37

Mobile Edge Browser on Windows 10 phone:
> Mozilla/5.0 (Windows Phone 10.0; Android 6.0.1) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/70.0.3538.102 Mobile Safari/537.36 Edge/18.19041
***

## Words:
The [keywords](https://www.myhelpfulguides.com/keywords.txt) included in this repo where taken from this site
https://www.myhelpfulguides.com/2018/07/19/bing-rewards-auto-searcher-with-python-3/.

This script provided the original inspiration but has since been complelty rewritten and expanded.
The original author was contacted for the original source of keywords, but declined to respond
